Changing click here Docu 3.13 - Download packages (#4314)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/installation-guide/installing-wazuh-manager/linux/ubuntu/wazuh_server_packages_ubuntu.rst

Adding the Wazuh repository
---------------------------

> The first step to setting up Wazuh is to add the Wazuh repository to your server. You can download the :ref:`wazuh-manager package <packages>`  directly, or check the :ref:`compatible versions <packages>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first step to setting up Wazuh is to add the Wazuh repository to your server. YYou can download the wazuh-manager package directly or check the compatible versions in the :ref:`Packages list <packages>` section.
```
